What is your real sign? Table of Contents Receive Our Newsletter &nbsp; WHAT'S YOUR SIGN? Find your real sign using 13 Sign Astrology, including Ophiuchus, the hidden goddess. Apr 19-May 13 ARIES May 14-Jun 19 TAURUS Jun 20-Jul 20 GEMINI Jul 21-Aug 9 CANCER Aug 10-Sep 15 LEO Sep 16-Oct 30 VIRGO Oct 31-Nov 22 LIBRA Nov 23-Nov 29 SCORPIO Nov 30-Dec 17 OPHIUCHUS Dec 18-Jan 18 SAGITTARIUS Jan 19-Feb 15 CAPRICORN Feb 16-Mar 11 AQUARIUS Mar 12-April 18 PISCES Cusp birthdays are approximate FAQ changing your sign Proof of the accuracy of 13 signs Image by Hiroko Sakai &gt;Who is Aries? &gt;Aries in the Zodiac &gt; Adele &gt;Abusing Aries &gt;Aries Female Murderer &gt;Quotes from Aries &gt;Follow Aries! &gt;Hurricane Carter, Aries &quot;The past lies like a nightmare upon the present.&quot; -Karl Marx, 5/13/1964 Aries love war. Like Joan of Arc, Aries loses itself to a great cause, and wants to fight for it. Joan rallied the armies and ran the English out of France. She saved the wannabe King, and gave him his crown. He returned the favor by turning her over to the church which burned her at the stake. This is an Aries theme of blind sacrifice. The sign of Aries is also the living 90 degree square, an aspect of tension and stress-- and quick release. The field of battle is where Aries builds confidence. Aries does it for the physical thrill, as well as the payoff. Females or girls with this Sun or Moon sign are males in a female body. The male Aries is a pioneer, and both are insensitive to others. Aries is the relentless opponent that Jason himself couldn't vanquish because he got stronger every time he hit the ground. Jason finally won when he held Aries above his head. Aries can be beaten when they are ungrounded. The Aries style is impulse and aggression. They don't beg for attention and leadership, they take it by force. More Aries Image by Hiroko Sakai &gt;Who is Taurus? &gt;Taurus in the Zodiac &gt;Donald Trump &gt;3 Old Bulls &gt;Malcolm X, &gt;Taurus and sex &gt;Marquis DeSade &gt; Russell Brand &gt; Kendrick Lamar &gt;T upac and Biggie &gt;Joe Slovo &quot;I'm not a type of feminist who is afraid to be sexy.&quot; -Meagan Fox 5/16/1986 Most of the time Taurus is painstakingly slow, almost ponderous, but comes on strong where it counts. Taurus is the tortoise that beats the hare to the finish line. Taurus proceeds cautiously, prudently. They don’t have a ruling planet like most of the other signs do. There is no pie-in-the-sky, only gold-in-the-basement. They are stubborn and violent when driven too far, but what they lack in faith or finesse, they make up for with an unutterable, unselfish love of pleasure. To them, pleasure is truth. Alone, Taurus listens to sweet music pouring like a well-spring out of the mountains of our ancestral memories. The notes, strains and beats they hear come from the center of the Earth. They sleep with their ears to the ground. Taurus are the children of the Earth, and Africa is their Mother. The drums of creation runs through the Taurus blood. In their collective consciousness, Taurus have been given dominion over the physical pleasures and stewardship over Earth’s resources. They preserve and protect what is beautiful, and are often beautiful themselves, since their body is their only temple. More Taurus Image by Hiroko Sakai &gt;Who is Gemini? &gt;Nelson Mandela, liberator &gt;Chris Hani, agitator &gt;Arachnophobia &gt;Gemini in the Zodiac &nbsp; &quot;People often say I have so much energy, that I never stop; but that's what it takes to accomplish your goals.&quot; -Curtis Jackson (50 cent) Geminis are players; they like to play . How could that be bad? Geminis don’t like to lose; they really don’t, and they can go to any extreme to win. Gemini can dazzle, obfuscate, seduce, or coerce with their talking points. Geminis got game, the hip patter, the street cred to talk their way in or out of anything in any language. They are often our most fascinating person, and that's because they 