13-sign astrology for all -- Articles Lunar Our Group Your Sign Home Daily Sky Articles of Note BIOSCOPE: ARIES HURRICANE &quot;His time in prison must have been agony to him. The state had wrongfully taken away his freedom, a death knell to the average Aquarius. His Aries helped him survive the ordeal and win in the end.&quot; CHANGING YOUR SIGN What does it mean to realize your real sign? In most cases, your sign will change to the sign before, or to Ophiuchus, if you're a Scorpio. With illustrations by Hiroko Sakai A CANCER IN A CRAZY WORLD “White people want to steal everything from us—they even want to take Martin Luther King. But they gave us back OJ and Tiger Woods!” –Paul Mooney 10/4/1941 The Key star in the Ophiuchus system is Alpha Ophiuchi . Also called Ras Alhague from the Arabic, it means &quot;the Head of the Serpent collector&quot; WHITE BOY WITH A GUN One sunny day, a white boy goes astray, a loser, you say, just an ofay. He’s pegged, he’s been had, nothing but a punching bag, mangled and chewed up, he backfired and blew up One small spark can start a prairie fire. –Mao Tse-Tung 12/26/1893 MORE SAGITTARIUS QUOTATIONS Rue Paul Rule-breaking Drag Queen is a Libra , with all the fabulous trimmings. Everything about him is relative and balanced. He is the &quot;other&quot; at the same time he's him. MORE Libra is a &quot;modern&quot; invention, devised by the Romans to balance Scorpio and Virgo (the two qualities they wanted in a female) and honor Augustus. Main star is Zubenelgenubi which means &quot;North and South claws of the Scorpion&quot; TYCHE--Planet X? Newly discovered but long predicted, a new &quot;Planemos&quot; gas giant, 6X size of Jupiter, orbiting 80 light years from the Sun, was confirmed on telescope in Hawaii. MORE Taurus rules, yes, delights and revels in, the body. Other signs lust after them openly because they can feel the sexual heat. Samantha Fox, Taurus, above. more She is a LIBRA, with a bitchy Scorpio Merc and a big Taurus Moon. like a judgment machine, she churns out (unpopular) opinions like a Nike sweat shop. more The only sign that can successfully pull off a menage a trois is a Pisces;the perfect host(ess), pleasing two lovers at once is easy. more Comedienne Margaret Cho is an Ophiuchus! Canceled by men in suits, she found her true magic with the LGBT community. more My witness is the empty sky. -Jack Kerouac, 3/12/1922 READ more Aquarian quotations. Good guys win in the end. Chiron's life, from despised loser to working class god in one lifetime; showing the purity of sacrifice more CURRENT MOON &nbsp; Search for a non toxic roommate Our new roomie is a 20-year-old Libra with rings and tats. can she be happy in our shabby, rundown Brooklyn apartment? ANSWER ZERO DEGREE SCORPIO Mily Cyrus is an object of male lust and yet lasciviously mocks sexuality, she's the female threat to mankind, the kitten with a whip, the teen fantasy run amok. She's a Scorpio warrior in the culture wars. MORE Monthly Moon phase calendar Lunar cycles and their names Understanding Moon phases Moon FAQ (general info) Blue Moon is the Lunar anomaly caused by the Solar calendar Moon widget for your blog Courtesy Moon Connection &nbsp; &nbsp; The Key star in the Ophiuchus system is Alpha Ophiuchi . Also called Ras Alhague from the Arabic, it means &quot;the Head of the Serpent collector&quot; Epsilon Sagittarii is the brightest star in Sagittarius and the 36th brightest star in the sky. It is a bright giant 145 light-years distant, almost four times as massive and 375 times more luminous than the Sun. Get a Mug, etc. SUBSCRIBE Get the Monthly Newsletter Email Address First Name Last Name Click to view previous campaigns. Siderealist13 Blog facebook twitter The Diva of 13 sign astrology 13 sign astrology app ($13 a month) &nbsp; Beautiful 13-sign charts and real time transits &nbsp; $4.99 a month: excellent service &nbsp; &nbsp; CONTACT The Siderealist &copy; all rights are inherent &nbsp;