All About Ophiuchus ORDER A READING FROM A 13 SIGN ASTROLOGER Your Monthly Horoscope Contents Subscribe Ophiuchus Planets Sun Enters Ophiuchus The New Ophiuchus Nation Angry Ophiuchus Ophiuchus and Ether The 13 Sign Zodiac WHO IS OPHIUCHUS? &quot;OH-FEW-KUS&quot; &quot;Medusa&quot; By Hiroko Sakai Women Control the World Ophiuchus: Born Nov 30 – Dec 17 Ophiuchus Sun is imbued by a belief system that is both feminine and intuitive. Since Ophiuchus has been repressed and persecuted by both civil and church authority, the native will be reticent and tend to hide their true identity, especially in a social setting. They will want to form a tight circle of friends around them, and will want to dominate family members as a reflexive response to the loss of autonomy that family systems demand of them. Control of their own lives and the indulgence of secret desires will prevail as the motivations for their actions and associations. Only by a kind of absolutism and superiority can they be reassured that they are safe from attack. This is reinforced by their early childhood experiences of being persecuted in school, and a general feeling of alienation from the rest of their peers. Only those who will willingly fall under their spell are trusted. Since Ophiuchus represents the &ldquo;mystery&rdquo; of life, and the unity of opposing forces, yin and yang, Sun in that sign can alternate from hot to cold instantaneously and explosively, and react defensively until they feel they are on secure ground. Sun-Ophiuchus people will unconsciously be searching for the lost temple of Ophiuchus, a place where they can practice their healing arts without interference from man&rsquo;s institutions and authority, which they instinctively hate. In the temple, they can offer a myriad of ideas and nurture their disciples without fear of suffering the fate of the witch, which is death by fire. Ophiuchus has been accused of sorcery throughout modern history, since their shamanic powers have been misunderstood and Ophiuchans have been scapegoated and abused by the both church and state since the destruction of the tribal system, which had elevated them to a high-status position as healers, midwives, herbalists and astrologers. In order to survive their loss of status and genocide, they are conditioned to resort to disguise and subterfuge, using their gender-fluid capabilities to confuse and confound their enemies. Sun in Ophiuchus natives can change their gender appearance at will, and both males and females can use cross-dressing to enjoy their independence and freedom from socially-imposed gender restrictions. In extreme cases, natives can become so alienated from what society expects of them, that they will become a very destructive and disruptive force, which only serves to underscore the fear and loathing of them that has lead to their persecution. From: The Temple of Ophiuchus Thousands of years ago women dominated human society. They were the clan leaders, hunters, astrologers, warriors and healers. We can only speculate about such antiquity because much of it lies beyond what is actually known or academically supported. However, astrology gives us a clue, since many original Zodiacal archetypes are female and were changed to men or animals by the Greeks and Romans. Ophiuchus, Aries, Leo and Taurus were all originally imagined as female symbols, only to be transmogrified much later into male stereotypes by politically-motivated male astrologers. The first human communities used a lunar calendar, where women were the center of the mystery and mastery of nature, and life itself. Women recognized their biological connection with the Moon early on, and then used it to predict the seasons and tell time. However, male supremacy and imperialism changed all that, replacing the original Zodiac with their own reductionist version, and relegating the roles of women to wives and whores. It wasn't until 45 BCE, when the Julian calendar was introduced by its names